DOCS: Add llms.txt via vitepress plugin (#13684)
meteor/meteor: v3-docs/docs/about/install.md

`set PATH /home/<user>/.meteor $PATH`

## Using AI with Meteor docs {#ai-docs}

> Meteor docs ships with [llms.txt](https://llmstxt.org/) file, which allows you to use AI tools like ChatGPT to answer questions about Meteor.

Reviewer: In the first moment I understood that was specifically for gpt, after took a look at the website, got it was for general llms

```suggestion
Meteor docs ships with [llms.txt](https://llmstxt.org/) file, which helps language models use your website
```
